This section, you will hear eight short conversations and two long conversations. At the end of each conversation. One or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question, there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked a b c and d and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on answer sheet two with a single line through the center example, you will hear, is it possible for you to work late? Miss grey work late, I suppose. So if you really think it's necessary, where do you think this conversation most probably took place?

You will read a at the office, be in the waiting room, see at the airport d in a restaurant. From the conversation, we know that the two were talking about some work they had to finish in the evening. This conversation is most likely to have taken place at the office. Therefore, a at the office is the best answer. You should choose a on the answer sheet and market with a single line through the center, she in ji shu tv, ka shi xin tai cash college, english test band four, part three, listening comprehension, section a directions.

In this section, you'll hear eight short conversations and two long conversations. At the end of each conversation. One or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question, there will be a pause. During the pause, you must read the four choices marked a b c and d and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on answer sheet two with a single line through the center. Now let's begin with the eight short conversations.

Question eleven. What are you doing in here? Sir? Didn't you see the private sign over there? I'm sorry. I didn't notice it when I came in. I'm looking for the managers office. What do we learn from the conversation? Question twelve, mike, what's the problem you've known for months? The report is due today. I know, but i'm afraid I need another few days. The data is harder to interpret than I expected. What does the man mean? Question thirteen. Excuse me, tony. As my parcel from new york arrived, unfortunately, it's been delayed due to the bad weather.

What is the woman waiting for? Question? Fourteen? Pam said we won't have the psychology test until the end of next week. Ellen, you should know better than to take pans, words for anything. What does the man imply about pam? Question fifteen. Tom, will you please watch my suitcase for a minute? I need to go make a quick phone call. Yeah, sure. Take your time. Our train doesn't leave for another twenty minutes. What does the man mean? Questions? Sixteen, frankly, mary is not what i'd call easy going.

I see people in our neighborhood find it hard to believe she's my twin sister. What does the woman imply? Question seventeen. How soon do you think this can be cleaned? We have same day service. Sir, you can pick up your suit after five o'clock. Where does the conversation most probably take place? Question eighteen. I really enjoyed that piece. You just played on the piano. I bet you get a lot of requests for it. You said it. People just can't get enough of it. What do we learn from the conversation?

Now? You'll hear the two long conversations. Conversation. One. Good afternoon, mister jones, i'm teresa chang, and i'll be interviewing you. How are you today? I'm fine. Thank you. And you miss zhang. Good. Thanks. Can you tell me something about your experience in this kind of work? Well, for several years I managed a department for the brownstone company in detroit, michigan. Now I work part time because I also go to school at night. I'm getting a business degree. Oh, how interesting. Tell me why do you want to leave your present job? I'll finish school in a few months and i'd like a full time position with more responsibility.

And why would you like to work for our company? Because I know your company's work and I like it. Could you please tell me about your special skills and interests? Of course, i'm good at computers and I can speak spanish. I used to take classes in spanish at the local college, and I like travelling a lot. Can you give me any references? Yes, certainly you can talk to mr. Mccall, my boss at the brownstone company. I could also give you the names and numbers of several of my teachers. Alright, mister jones.

And would you like to ask me any questions? Yes. I wonder when i'll be informed about my application for the job. Well, we'll let you know as soon as possible. Let's stay in touch. Thank you very much for coming this afternoon. Thank you. Questions nineteen to twenty two are based on the conversation. You have just heard. Question nineteen. What does the man say about his working experience? Question twenty. Why does the man want to leave his present job? Question twenty one. What is the man interested in?

Question twenty two? What question did the man asked the woman? Conversation? Two lisa lisa, over here, darling, it's wonderful to see you. Oh, lisa, you look marvelous! Oh, paul, you look tired two months away in the capital. Paul. I think you've been working too hard. I'm fine. The city is very hot at this time of the year. It's good to get back to some fresh air. You know, lisa, what they say about pregnant women really is true. What's that? Paul? They say they look beautiful.

Well, i've had a lot of attention while you've been studying hard on your course in d c oh, don't worry all from men over fifty father has told all his business friends the good news about the baby and the phone hasn't stopped ringing. Oh, look, darling! There's a taxi! Paul, tell me about this special project. You mentioned on the phone. You sounded very excited about it. You know, i've learned a lot from the project. I'm surprised that was still in business. That's because we have a wonderful sales manager.

You thanks. But that's not the problem at all. Lisa, our little company and it is little compared to the giants in the city, our little companies in danger. We're out of date. We need to expand, if we don't, will be swallowed up by one of the giants. Questions? Twenty three to twenty five are based on the conversation. You have just heard question twenty three. What do we learn about lisa? Question twenty four. What we learn about the man from the conversation? Question twenty five.

What does the man say about his company? Section b directions. In this section, you will hear three short passages. At the end of each passage, you will hear some questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked a b c and d then mark the corresponding letter on answer sheet two with a single line through the center passage one farmington, utah is a more pleasant community. Since a local girls four h club improved main street six for h girls work to clean a seventy two foot curbside that was covered with weeds, rocks and trash.

Each member val and tear to clean up and to dig and plant five flats of flowers. They also took turns in watering, weeding and maintaining the plot. Participation in this project helped the girls develop a new attitude towards the appearance of their own homes. They've learned how to work with tools and have improved their work habits. One mother said that before her daughter was involved in this project, she would not even pull a weed. The experience on main street stimulated self improvement and encourage members to take pride in their home grounds. And in the total community, city officials cooperated with the four h members in planting trees, building cooking facilities, picnic tables, swings, and public restrooms.

The four h girls planted trees and took care of them during the early stages of growth. The total park project needed more plantings in the following years. Members of the four h club agreed to follow the project through to completion, because they received satisfaction from the results of constructive work. The project is a growing one and has spread from the park to the school and the shopping center. Trees and flowers have all been planted in the shopping centre, making the atmosphere pleasant. Questions twenty six to twenty nine are based on the passage. You have just heard question twenty six.

What do we learn about main street in farmington? Question twenty seven. What did the four h club members do about the curbside? Question? Twenty eight. What have the four h girls learned from the project? Question twenty nine. Why did the four h girls agree to follow the park project through to completion? Passage two, according to a survey on reading conducted in two thousand one by the u s national education association, young americans say reading is important, more important than computers and science. Over fifty percent of the twelve to eighteen year olds interviewed said they enjoy reading a lot.

Seventy nine percent find it stimulating and interesting, and eighty seven percent think it is relaxing. About sixty eight percent of those surveyed disagree with the opinion that reading is boring or old fashioned. Over half the teenagers interviewed said they read more than ten books a year. The results also showed that middle school students read more books than high schoolers. Over sixty six percent of teens like to read fiction, such as novels and stories. Only twenty six percent were interested in non fiction, such as history books. Sixty four percent of students listed reading stories about people my own age as their favorite topic, mysteries and detective stories came second on the list at fifty three percent.

Just under fifty percent said they were interested in reading about their own culture and tradition. Of the teenagers who participated in the survey, forty nine percent said that libraries are where they get most of their books. However, many complain that their school libraries do not have enough. Up to date interesting books and magazines, even though many teenagers in the u s enjoy reading, they still have other interests. When asked which activity would be the most difficult to give up for a week, forty eight percent said listening to music tv would be difficult to give up for twenty five percent of those surveyed question thirty to thirty two are based on the passage. You have just heard question thirty.

What does the survey on teenager reading show? Question thirty one, what books are most popular among teenagers? According to the survey? Question thirty two, what activity do teenagers find the most difficult to give up for a week? Don't passage three. Thank you for coming. Everyone. Today's presentation will show how we see the development of the motorcar in the short to medium term. And that is why we have invited all of you here today. Let's start with power. It's clear that petrol driven engines have no future already. There are many alternative fuel vehicles on the market. Power dry anything from solar power to natural gas.

Some independent thinkers have even produced cars that run on vegetable oil. But as we all know, of all these alternative fuel vehicles, the most practical are electric vehicles. Sure. In the past, electric vehicles had their problems, namely a limited driving range and very few recharging points which limited their use. Now, however, recent developments in electric vehicle technology mean they can match conventional petrol engines in terms of performance and safety. Let's not forget that electric vehicles are cleaner plus importantly, the power source is rechargeable. So this does not involve using any valuable resources moving on to communications.

Very soon, cars will be linked to gps satellites, so they'll do all the driving for you. What controls remain for the users will be audio based. So for example, you'll just have to say a bit warmer, and the air conditioning will adjust automatically. You'll also be able to receive email, music, and movies all via an internet link. So just tap in the destination you want sit back, sleep, watch a movie, whatever questions? Thirty three to thirty five are based on the passage. You have just heard. Question thirty three. What is the presentation mainly about?

Question thirty for what used to restrict the use of electric vehicles? Question thirty five. What does the speaker say about electric vehicles of today? Section c directions. In this section, you will hear a passage three times. When the passages read for the first time, you should listen carefully for its general idea. When the passages read for the second time, you are required to fill in the blanks numbered from thirty six to forty three with the exact words you have just heard per planck snub urd. From forty four to forty six, you are required to fill in the missing information for these blanks.

You can either use the exact words you have just heard, or write down the main points in your own words. Finally, when the passages read for the third time, you should check what you have written now, listen to the passage, my favorite t v show, the twilight zone. I especially like the episode called the printers devil. It's about a newspaper editor who's being driven out of business by a big newspaper syndicate, you know, a group of papers owned by the same people he's about to commit suicide when he's interrupted by an old man who says his name is smith.

The editor is not only offered five thousand dollars to pay off his newspapers debts, but this smith character also offers his services for free. It turns out that the guy operates the printing machine with amazing speed, and soon he's turning out newspapers with shocking headlines. The small paper is successful. Again, the editor is amazed at how quickly smith gets his stories only minutes after they happen. But soon he's presented with a contract to sign. Mr. Smith, it seems, is really the devil. The editor is frightened by this news, but he's more frightened by the idea of losing his newspaper.

So he agrees to sign. But soon smith is reporting the news even before it happens. And it's all terrible. One disaster after another. Anyway, there's a little more to tell, but I don't want to ruin the story for you. I really like these old episodes of the twilight zone, because the stories are fascinating. They're not realistic. But then again, in a way, they are because they deal with human nature. Now the passage will be read again, my favorite t v show, the twilight zone. I especially like the episode called the printers devil.

It's about a newspaper editor who's being driven out of business by a big newspaper syndicate, you know, a group of papers owned by the same people. He's about to commit suicide when he's interrupted by an old man who says his name is smith. The editor is not only offered five thousand dollars to pay off his newspapers debts, but this smith character also offers his services for free. It turns out that the guy operates the printing machine with amazing speed, and soon he's turning out newspapers with shocking headlines. The small paper is successful. Again, the editor is amazed at how quickly smith gets his stories only minutes after they happen.

But soon he's presented with a contract to sign. Mister smith, it seems, is really the devil. The editor is frightened by this news, but he's more frightened by the idea of losing his newspaper. So he agrees to sign. But soon smith is reporting the news even before it happens. And it's all terrible. One disaster after another anyway, there's a little more to tell, but I don't want to ruin the story for you. I really like these old episodes of the twilight zone, because the stories are fascinating.

They're not realistic. But then again, in a way, they are because they deal with human nature. Now the passage will be read for the third time, my favorite t v show the twilight zone. I especially like the episode called the printers devil. It's about a newspaper editor who's being driven out of business by a big newspaper syndicate, you know, a group of papers owned by the same people he's about to commit suicide when he's interrupted by an old man who says his name is smith. The editor is not only offered five thousand dollars to pay off his newspapers debts, but this smith character also offers his services for free.

It turns out that the guy operates the printing machine with amazing speed, and soon he's turning out newspapers with shocking headlines. The small paper is successful. Again, the editor is amazed at how quickly smith gets his stories only minutes after they happen. But soon he's presented with a contract to sign. Mr. Smith, it seems, is really the devil. The editor is frightened by this news, but he's more frightened by the idea of losing his newspaper. So he agrees to sign. But soon smith is reporting the news even before it happens. And it's all terrible.

One disaster after another. Anyway, there's a little more to tell, but I don't want to ruin the story for you. I really like these old episodes of the twilight zone, because the stories are fascinating. They're not realistic. But then again, in a way, they are because they deal with human nature. This is the end of listening comprehension. Since I t v cautious, he assured c o t c r t cash these superfund a party.

