 Test yourself units one to four, part two, listening comprehension. Section a directions. In this section, you will hear eight short conversations and two long conversations at the end of each conversation. One or more questions will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the questions will be spoken only once. After each question. There will be a pause during the pause, you must read the four choices marked a b c andy, and decide which is the best answer.
 Then mark the corresponding letter on answer sheet two, page one hundred and twenty, with a single line through the center. Now let's begin with the eight short conversations, one, I thought jenny was going to join us tonight. I couldn't reach her this morning, but I left word with her mother that she should meet us here at seven question. What did the woman do in the morning to the monitor said that we'd have to postpone the trip until friday because of the horrible weather. It's a shame, because all the food has already been prepared and will probably spoil question.
 Why did the trip have to be postponed? Three? I'd like to buy this blouse for betty's birthday, but i'm twenty dollars short, or lend you the money. If you can pay me back by this weekend question, what will the man most probably do for martha? Are you going straight home after school today? No, all have class until two o'clock. And after that, i'm going to spend a couple of hours at the library before going home. Question, what is martha going to do this afternoon?
 Five, I heard mike's been in college for half a year. Now what's he studying? He's taking courses in language, world history and international politics. Question, what career does mike probably plan to follow six? Has tiffany returned from tokyo? Yes, she came back via hong kong, but she was only here for five days before her company sent her to thailand. Question, where is tiffany? Now seven with the many computer games out there today. Which one do you enjoy the most? I like them all, but my all time favorite is star war.
 Unfortunately, I don't have much time these days to play question. What can be inferred from what the woman said? Eight, there was a big fire in my neighborhood last night. Two people were injured and three houses burned down. I know I tried to call you after I heard it on the radio this morning question. How did the woman get to know about the fire? Now you'll hear the two long conversations. Conversation one, can you tell me how to reach the bank? Please? Which bank? There are two, the allied irish bank and the bank of ireland.
 I have an aib pass card, and I want to withdraw money from the bank. You need to go to the allied irish bank, which is near the local shopping center, donor stores. How do I get there? I have no knowledge of this area, cross the road and turn left at the other side. Walk along the footpath until you reach the traffic lights. You will see a shopping center on the right hand side, walk across the road and turn right at the shopping center. Keep going straight for about a hundred meters.
 And the bank is to your left. It sounds very complicated. How far is it from here? It's not so complicated. It's about five minutes walk from here. I can draw a map for you if you wish. Oh, I would really appreciate that. By the way. Will I be going north or south? You will be going north words. You are now in the western part of the city. And the allied irish bank is situated in the north east. Here's a rough sketch of the area. Questions nine to eleven are based on the conversation. You have just heard nine.
 What did the woman want to do? Ten, what did the man undertake to do for the woman? Eleven? Which part of the city is the allied irish bank located in conversation two? So you came to toronto when you were about two and a half. Yep. And your parents, were they canadian? Or? Yeah, they were both canadians. They were simply, they were trained as teachers. And so they joined the government program called c s I s how do you spell that c s I s uh huh.
 And it was in order to help developing countries train professionals, in this case training them how to teach. So they worked in ghana as teachers, yeah, teaching teachers how to teach. So methodology. Ah, teacher trainers, right? Okay, yep. And then they went to europe. Yep, they were doing the same thing in europe. Um, europe, they were just seeing the country with my sister would have been like five or six. And I would have been, as I said, about two at that time. So they traveled with two children just to show us, I guess, right, a taste of europe. And that must have been wonderful.
 Do you remember very much? Actually, the only memory I have of europe is a green beer bottle and a windowsill in amsterdam. Wow! And the beer was called orange. Boom! I remember just looking down on this intersection. And there was this kind of cobblestone kind of look and I just had that imprint and a sort of feeling with it. But I do not really have any other extended memories from that time. Questions twelve to fifteen are based on the conversation. You have just heard twelve. Where did the woman's parents come from?
 Thirteen? What do the woman's parents do? Fourteen. What did the woman's parents go to europe for fifteen? What do we learn from the conversation about the woman's first visit to europe? Section b directions. In this section, you will hear three short passages at the end of each passage, you will hear some questions. Both the passage and the questions will be spoken only once. After you hear a question, you must choose the best answer from the four choices marked a b c and d then mark the corresponding letter on answer sheet two with a single line through the center passage one, humans and chimpanzees share about ninety eight point seven percent of the same gene sequences.
 And most of that small difference, maybe in the brain, which is much more complex and people than in the ape researchers say chimpanzees are more closely related to humans than any other primate. The two are thought to have shared a common ancestor five million to seven million years ago, although just what that ancient primate look like is unknown. Since then, chimps and humans have evolved separately with humans developing a brain about twice the size of chimps. A study found that although the chimps tissue and blood resembled that of humans, the gene activity in the animal's brain was more like that of monkeys.
 Humans are expressing more gene differences in the brain, and that is what enables us to do what we can do. Researchers said the genetic comparison of chimps and humans might lead to better therapies for human disease with an understanding of the differences between humans and chimpanzees, scientists may be able to learn more about the genetics underlying diseases that harm humans. The researchers noted that chimps can become infected with hiv, the aids virus, and never get sick. Questions sixteen to eighteen are based on the passage. You have just heard sixteen.
 What is the passage? Mainly concerned with seventeen? What have researchers found to be similar in both humans and chimpanzees? Eighteen. What is the primary purpose of researchers in studying the genetic comparison of chimpanzees and humans? Passage two, susan lived in the campus dorms and had the only microwave on her floor. She trusted the girls on her floor, so she kept her door unlocked in case someone wanted to use her microwave. However, she usually locked her door at night. One friday night. Susan went to a party at a friend's house and stayed until about one a m when a friend of hers walked her home.
 They both noticed the popcorn in her microwave popped but untouched. They thought nothing of it. Since people forgot food in her microwave all the time. She figured she just leave her door unlocked that night in case they remembered and wanted it. In the middle of the night, she woke up to a sort of crunching noise, opening her eyes. She was terrified to find that someone had been eating popcorn, watching her as she slept, noticing that she was awake, the person left the room leaving the popcorn on the desk.
 Susan got up to lock her door and praying that it was all a dream. Went back to sleep in the morning. When she awoke, she saw the popcorn on the desk and realized that she hadn't been dreaming of the person watching her. The half eaten popcorn on her desk was proof questions nineteen to twenty two are based on the passage. You have just heard nineteen. Why did susan keep her door unlocked during the daytime? Twenty? What did susan usually do at night? Twenty one. Why did susan leave her door unlocked? One friday night, twenty two.
 What happened in the middle of that friday night? Passage three. Ruth handler, the creator of the barbie doll, the world's most popular doll, died at the age of eighty five since handlers creation, named for her daughter barbara, was introduced in nineteen fifty nine. It has become a touchstone of cultural politics. It helps shape girls dreams, while greatly angering the feminists who believe women should have the same rights and opportunities as men. The doll has offended feminists, inspired artists, and drawn academic interest around the world. Bobby even was placed in the official america's time capsule, buried in nineteen seventy six.
 Over the decades, the original blue eyed blond fashion model has been put into a variety of looks and has had many careers from space man to school teacher. More than one billion have been sold in one hundred and fifty countries. My whole philosophy of bobby was that threw the doll, the little girl could be anything she wanted to be handler wrote in a nineteen ninety four autobiography, barbie always represented the fact that a woman has choices with the new dull girls could play out their dreams of teenage years and beyond.
 Bobby, after all, could go to the prom, get married or even traveled to the moon over and over. I've had it said to me by women handler said in nineteen ninety four, she was much more than a doll for them. She was part of them. Questions twenty three to twenty five are based on the passage. You have just heard twenty three, who was ruth handler? Twenty four. Which of the following is true of the barbie doll? Twenty five? Why is the barbie doll so popular among girls and older women?
 Section c directions. In this section, you will hear a passage three times when the passage is read for the first time, you should listen carefully for its general idea. When the passage is read for the second time, you are required to fill in the blanks with the exact words you have just heard. Finally, when the passage is read for the third time, you should check what you have written. Now. Listen to the passage. Smart folks are a dime a dozen. What truly matters is creativity, as albert einstein put it, imagination is more important than knowledge.
 Einstein rebel daguerreotype troat learning. And that attitude helped make him the genius that he was likewise, ah, success as a nation will be determined not just by how well our schools teach the multiplication and periodic tables, but by how well they promote imagination and creativity. The assertion that einstein failed maths as a child is to the disappointment of bad students. Not true, but he was slow in learning to talk. That was combined with a cheeky rebelliousness towards authority, which led one school master to send him packing and another to amuse history by declaring that he would never amount to much.
 These traits made einstein the patron saint of distracted school children everywhere. But they also help to make him the most creative scientific genius of modern times. His cocky contempt for authority lead him to question received wisdom. And as for his slow verbal development, it led him to think in pictures and to observe with wonder the everyday phenomena that others took for granted, his unwillingness to yield to authority meant that he a li and eighty door of his professors at zurich polytechnic as a result, he was the only graduate in his section who was not offered a junior professor ship.
 He struggled to find work, finally landing on a stool at the swiss patent office in bern as a third class examiner. But lest we feel sorry for him, the job allowed him to do thought experiments and encouraged him to question conventional wisdom. Unlike the wealthy assertive at and sin in the academy, now the passage will be read again, smart folks are a dime a dozen. What truly matters is creativity, as albert einstein put it, imagination is more important than knowledge. Einstein rebel daguerreotype troat learning.
 And that attitude helped make him the genius that he was likewise, ah, success as a nation will be determined not just by how well our schools teach the multiplication and periodic tables, but by how well they promote imagination and creativity. The assertion that einstein failed math as a child is to the disappointment of bad students. Not true, but he was slow in learning to talk. That was combined with a cheeky rebelliousness towards authority, which led one schoolmaster to send him packing and another to amuse history by declaring that he would never amount to much.
 These traits made einstein the patron saint of distracted school children everywhere. But they also help to make him the most creative scientific genius of modern times. His cocky contempt for authority lead him to question received wisdom. And as for his slow verbal development, it led him to think in pictures and to observe with wonder the everyday phenomena that others took for granted, his unwillingness to yield to authority meant that he a li and eighty door of his professors at zurich polytechnic as a result, he was the only graduate in his section who was not offered a junior professor ship.
 He struggled to find work, finally landing on a stool at the swiss patent office in bern as a third class examiner. But lest we feel sorry for him, the job allowed him to do thought experiments and encouraged him to question conventional wisdom. Unlike the wealthy assertive at and sin in the academy, now the passage will be read for the third time. Smart folks are a dime a dozen. What truly matters is creativity, as albert einstein put it, imagination is more important than knowledge.
 Einstein rebel daguerreotype troat learning. And that attitude helped make him the genius that he was likewise, ah, success as a nation will be determined not just by how well our schools teach the multiplication and periodic tables, but by how well they promote imagination and creativity. The assertion that einstein failed math as a child is to the disappointment of bad students. Not true, but he was slow in learning to talk. That was combined with a cheeky rebelliousness towards authority, which led one school master to send him packing and another to amuse history by declaring that he would never amount to much.
 These traits made einstein the patron saint of distracted school children everywhere. But they also help to make him the most creative scientific genius of modern times. His cocky contempt for authority lead him to question received wisdom. And as for his slow verbal development, it led him to think in pictures and to observe with wonder the everyday phenomena that others took for granted, his unwillingness to yield to authority meant that he a li and eighty door of his professors at zurich polytechnic as a result, he was the only graduate in his section who was not offered a junior professor ship.
 He struggled to find work, finally landing on a stool at the swiss patent office in bern as a third class examiner. But lest we feel sorry for him, the job allowed him to do thought experiments and encouraged him to question conventional wisdom. Unlike the wealthy assertive at and sin and the academy,